Keep track of beers you've had

Let's face it, remembering everything after a good night out is not always easy. But don't worry, we'll do the remembering for you, so you can focus on the drinking. Keep a trophy case with all the brews you've tasted, ranked according to your taste. 

OR

Because no man deserves to drink a bad brew more than once, Brewski lets you record all of your past experiences with the best and the worst forms of wheat. The beers you've tried will be displayed in a trophy case, ranked according to your taste. 


Suggest beer to friends

Show your newly gained expertise to the people with whom you enjoy drinking the most! Brewski allows you to share your beer trophy case with your friends, send them recommendations to your favourite brews and even see how similar your tastes are.

OR

Nothing has connected more people throughout history than sharing a drink with someone. It is one of the world's oldest customs for a good reason. Brewski lets you share your beer experiences with your friends, use Twitter to let them know what you've been drinking and recommending your favourite brews!


Learn more about beer

Become a better person by drinking like a better person would. Understand why there's a brewery in the White House. Become knowledgeable in the drink that inspired countless generations of artists, writers and poets. Explore. Dream. Discover.

OR

Have you ever been interested in knowing more about beer, but didn't know where to start? There's much more to this world than just the beers we've seen countless times befores at parties. We have information in thousands of different brews. From the dark Irish stouts to the Belgian quadrupel, we have them all. Now it's up to you to try them!

BONUS REFERENCE:
Young man says you are what you eat, eat well. Old man says you are what you wear, wear well. Maybe you know what you are and you don't give a damn, but do yourself a favour - drink well. Know exactly what to order in any bar around the world. Improve your knowledge by drinking beer. What more could one ask for?